Update container-runtimes.md (#33851)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes.md

  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
    SystemdCgroup = true
```

> If containerd installed with apt/yum then `cri` is disable by default. Remove `cri` from `disabled_plugins` list in `/etc/containerd/config.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
If you installed containerd from a package (for example, RPM or `.deb`, you may find
that the CRI integration plugin is disabled by default.

You need CRI support enabled to use containerd with Kubernetes. Make sure that `cri` is not
included in the`disabled_plugins` list within `/etc/containerd/config.toml`; if you made changes,
also restart `containerd`.
{{< /note >}}
```
